Update chart docs (#10)
hellofresh/kangal: docs/README.md

# Kangal

Welcome to the Kangal - Kubernetes and Go Automatic Loader!

> To start using Kangal you will need to install it in your cluster. Helm installation guide is [here](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal/blob/master/charts/kangal/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using Kangal you will need to install it in your cluster. Installation guide using Helm can be found [here](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal/blob/master/charts/kangal/README.md).
```
